[Music]
ten safety tips that could save your
life one day what comes to your mind
when someone says survival tips a
desolate island where Robinson Crusoe is
trying to open a coconut and Tom Hanks
is talking to a ball named Wilson well
both of them needed some survival was
them to stay alive however going
one-on-one with nature is not the only
situation you need survival tips for in
fact big-city life is also full of
surprises and danger we gathered some of
the best advice to help make sure you
don't panic and know what to do in
dangerous situations from where to keep
your emergency money to staircase safety
rules watch this video to the end to be
prepared for anything
number 10 if something seems wrong don't
be afraid to be rude we know you are
always taught to be nice to other people
we officially let you break the set
acute rule sometimes for your safety it
matters more than manners you should
always be bold enough to refuse spending
time with people who seem strange if
you're afraid to be alone in the
elevator with your neighbor and feel
that something's not right don't ignore
your instincts just to avoid offending
someone your brain is most definitely
sending you danger signals for that
person for a reason don't ignore it or
underestimate the power of intuition
number nine show the taxi driver someone
knows you God in his car
taking a taxi is a common thing we do
when we don't have our car or can't use
it at the moment
however it can be dangerous since you
are voluntarily getting in the car of a
stranger here's what you can do to feel
safe inside before getting into a taxi
breakdown it's number if the taxi driver
seems to be acting strangely phone
someone you know it can be anyone really
or simply pretend that you're making a
phone call during the conversation tell
them the taxis number this way the
driver will see there is a person who
cares about you and who will quickly
inform the police if something goes
wrong to feel safe on your taxi ride you
can also pick one taxi company to trust
or use a safe taxi number eight don't
underestimate exedoc ticks
tits might look like regular little bugs
to you but they are more dangerous than
you probably think in Europe Asia and
America tics can give a person Lyme
disease and in some cases tick-borne
encephalitis both of these diseases are
extremely dangerous if you get bitten by
a tick go to a doctor immediately for a
checkup
remember the ticks can latch on to you
even in an ordinary part so always be
careful you can use some bug spray to
protect yourself if it happened and the
tick burrowed into your skin you can try
to remove it try to grab it with some
tweezers close to the head and very
carefully prise it out do not try to do
it with your fingers you won't be able
to grip it tight enough do not go for
the ticks body it will inject its saliva
or blood into you so your chances of
getting a disease will grow you can take
out the tick by yourself
but you must see a doctor anyway they
will have to inspect the tick to see if
it was infectious number seven if a
person says they won't touch you be on
your guard
[Music]
pay special attention to strange
unsolicited promises you know people
don't say anything for no reason
whatsoever
someone says seemingly out of nowhere
that they don't intend to touch you
this should raise the suspicion that
they want to do precisely that
statements of this kind should always
set alarm bells ringing in your head
just think of it if you are a nice
friendly person why would you even think
about hurting or not hurting as they put
it anyone it only comes to mind to those
who actually want to do someone else bad
and then their mind decides to announce
it when that happens the best thing you
can do is distance yourself from that
person number six keep money for an
emergency your parents probably told you
it is important to have a kind of
reserve stock with you when traveling
you never know how it could go or where
it can take you we are going even
further and recommend you to keep
emergency money on you at all times it's
a great idea to hide some money inside
your phone case there's always a chance
that you urgently need some cash for
example to pay a taxi driver having some
emergency money might just save you if
your wallet purse or bag get stolen or
lost
do you agree it's a good idea let us
know give us a thumbs up we are halfway
through the list keep watching till the
end to find out how to rescue yourself
from a sinking car and why being polite
can sometimes be dangerous
number five avoid the crowd effect if
you or someone you're with suddenly
feels unwell in a public place
don't ask everyone around you for help
all at once instead find the nearest
individual and ask them specifically
otherwise responsibility simply
dissipates people will think that
someone else has already taken on
responsibility for the emergency
situation and they'll just walk on by
this is what we call the crowd affect
everyone's task often becomes no one's
you don't want that to happen when it
comes to saving lives right number four
mark your way to safety we just talked
about the crowd effect and here is one
more related piece of us
crowds form in public spaces even if you
feel totally safe at a stadium or a
cinema and believe nothing can go wrong
at a huge mall it is better to be safe
than sorry
so the second you get in take a look
around and mark your way to safety in
your mind if something goes wrong you
will know where the nearest exit is you
will be able to avoid frantically
looking for safety and can even help
others by taking them out of the danger
zone
number three what to do if you can't
open the window of a sinking car if you
are in a car that's sinking underwater
you must immediately open the window and
climb out through it without delay but
what should you do if the window won't
open this can happen in those cases when
the body of the car has been damaged as
a result of a collision for this reason
you should always have something heavy
inside the car that can be used to break
the window if necessary a steering wheel
lock fire extinguisher or any other
heavy object would be suitable for this
some people believe the best thing you
can use is the headrests it is easy to
pull them pop and then metallic rods
will help you smash the door window or
the windshield number 2 remember the
simple safety rule for staircases
must be surprised safety rules for
staircases even exist yes they do
following them will keep you out of
trouble after all staircase incidents
are way more common than you think
over 1 million injuries happen because
if stairway Falls every year to be
precise
so never put your hands in your pockets
climbing or descending a staircase so
that you can easily catch the handrail
if you slip but if you do fall your arms
can play a vital role in preventing
serious injury to your head don't try to
recreate that Scarlett O'Hara fall down
the stairs in Gone with the Wind
number one use keys for self-defense
properly you often see this kind of
advice online to defend yourself when
you're attacked on the street hold your
keys between your fingers like a knuckle
duster we know it looks menacing and you
probably already tried it at home just
for that cool look but you actually
shouldn't do this in a real dangerous
situation first it can harm your fingers
second to even get your keys into this
position in your hand you need time
which you may not have the criminal
won't give you a break
so while you are looking for the keys
you need in your bag going through all
its contents they will have just enough
time for an attack it's much more
effective to hold your keys as you would
a knife or clutch them in your fist this
way you won't have to look for your keys
and it will be easier to defend yourself
see not everyone knows how to work a
knuckle duster but you most definitely
know how to hold and use a knife
[Music]
keep these easy but efficient rules in
mind we hope you will never get in
trouble but in case that happens you
will know what to do if you found these
10 pieces of advice useful let us know
the thumbs up button is a good way to do
it if this video gets 50,000 likes we'll
share more survival tips subscribe to
our channel to join us on the right side